Thank you very much, everyone, for coming and for participating. Thank you, everyone. You are
welcome.
Again, we follow the teaching of the greatest teacher, the Buddha Shakyamuni. And so, again, for
that reason, we should withstand that.
Again, as you said, we follow the teaching of the Buddha. But when we think of what the teaching is
, it's not something Buddha is talking, teaching, something that we don't have.
Buddha didn't say any standing things except what we have. And Buddha, that's what he said, "I'm
the teacher."
He said, "I'm a teacher. I'm showing you exactly what things are." That simple walk against
teaching.
That also means that we don't recognize what we have. We don't recognize many times.
It's kind of naturally hidden for us. Even though nobody is hiding for us, nobody met that.
But naturally, due to our ego clinging, due to our emotion and duality, we are looking something
completely opposite directions.
Instead of looking to our own beauty and treasures. Buddha pointed out that treasures.
And those treasures, what teaching, what we call what I said, Buddha, Buddhism, Buddha teaching.
But reality is really teaching on the true love, compassion, worship.
It should be more joy, more respect, more friendship, and kind and complicated for all living
beings.
And being in that series, help to that. When you take that, and there is no ego, when you take that
,
nothing has to do with religions of Buddha. Buddha himself said it.
It's just somebody teaching, pointing out.
This is all our richness, our inner, our glories, our goodness, our beauty, our treasures.
And we revealed that this beauty, the richness, the treasures, it is absolutely good.
100% is good for us, good for others. Good for every living beings.
Not just the selected groups, these and that beings. All beings.
That is good because all beings want the same thing, want happy, the joy, the peace.
That is desire. That is their richness.
That means somebody is calling deep, yearning to that river, that goodness.
And again, looking someone along directions. Reality is with us.
Love and kindness, compassion.
To bring out that what the great teacher told, courage and commitment, confidence.
And to begin to activate, to clarify more those, what it was, for example.
Six bottom of that. Have you really think of six bottom of that?
It has nothing to do with the kind of tradition, it is good. 100% is good.
It has nothing to do. It's also nothing strange, nothing alien, nothing foreign.
It is our treasure, your treasure, my treasure, everybody's treasure.
We are touching, reveling, we are strengthening, we are re-activating.
That is what it is, really teaches.
So therefore, when we practice the teaching, we should practice more, kind of more practical way.
Not calmly, peaceful, sadder, don't, not kind of acting, hovering, this and that.
That is ego.
We deluded with that and we carried with the poles and we didn't leak anything.
According to the British teacher, it's true.
It is good to be practical, more sensible, more practical, what is good for us, what is good for
the others.
And nobody is good for all the time, not just a short time, not just a small period of time.
Not just a kind of having some kind of substances and make some happy and good short term
and they kind of fell down on the ground or fall down on the ground and they teach.
That is not. We built up the strength and courage and goodness what we have.
That is everlasting.
Ever last of all these lives, everlasting on this, when we leave this world, everlasting
continually to the next lives.
And that is what the great master, Chantideva said.
When you ride the body's horse of the body each other, you are truly going to the joy,
just from the joyful state to the joyful status, riding the horse of the body each other.
You are going from joyful state to joyful status. Joyful state.
Who else will be the kind of lady of the body each other?
That's what I said. It is good for us.
Love of each other is love and compassion and worship.
And it becomes a little more recent to come up a little brighter to the others too.
It is not just only narrow corners. It is open in our heart.
Nature is open. Beauty is open.
Sky is open. Fire is open. Elements are open.
Reality, everything is open. Open.
And the sun is open. The moon is open. The air is open.
In the same way, that is our nature is open.
There is no boundaries. Regimental conception grasps me, creating all these boundaries.
Reality is open, yet full of knowledge, understanding, practicals, all that.
That's what it really is. So therefore, again, this strengthen our beauty with joy and appreciation
.
We are really how wonderful that now we find our treasures.
Long, long term we ignore our treasure.
Today by the greatest teaching, greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni is teaching.
We are reconnecting that treasures. How wonderful, how beautiful it is.
That is what we call joy and appreciation.
In the same way, then the body can think.
All means may I help today so that everybody can revere these beautiful, glorious riches.
Really think of that. And that intention.
And then also we are not just opening that joy and peace up.
We like to revere the beauty, the pure purity of this.
Those are very other teachings. All the purity, everything is the purity status.
Again, that we didn't see because we did not discover, we realized that
until now, until the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni, because we looked.
Looked. It's hiding with us.
Many things are hidden. Even if it's right with us, we don't recognize.
It's hidden. By the greatest teaching, it's open now.
Open. So therefore, all those are beautiful and then now we go to this text.
Again, this text of teaching is divided into three things.
Big and good, middle good, and concluding good.
This big and good, middle good, and concluding good is perfect, complete,
the whole, complete techniques to reward our goodness for others.
There's nothing in the teaching. There's nothing that needs more than three.
And nothing less than these three.
Big and good, middle good, concluding good.
That's it. That's it.
And we have less than this. Our practice is not complete.
Not complete. So therefore, big and good, middle good, and concluding good.
That you all know, I've mentioned many times, and I've been really all know.
That is what's simple.
And we've discussed that.